What do you mean, Miss 2?
What do I mean, you don't understand?
Someone is pretending to be a god
He is the Lord God
Also my fiancé
I don't believe who doesn't know
Once the king of side by side was sealed, he immediately returned to Kyoto
How can you laugh at you just by talking and laughing?
Am I wrong?
Except for your family of three
Who has really seen the Lord God?
I see you just want to take advantage of the dinner party
Seize the property of our Bai family
I deliberately found a fake to fool the old man
I said hey, I don't know.
The hottest news of the last few days
It's about true and false gods
With God as your fiancé
Find a fake temporary replacement
No price
But I want to see if the old man finds out
What would he say?
We'll see.
The young master doesn't know where he got the news from
It must be said that the Lord God returned to Kyoto after being sealed
I'll practice for a while.
There will be trouble
Lord God, let's go
The guests are almost all here
sir
Oh, this is the brother-in-law, right?